Add JsonFormsStyleContext description to Styles.md file (#1665)
eclipsesource/jsonforms: packages/vanilla/README.md

Check https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=%40jsonforms for all published JSONForms packages.

> If you want to customize the default style, have a look at our [styles guide](Styles.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize styling, have a look at our [styles guide](Styles.md).
```

> If you want to customize the default style, have a look at our [styles guide](Styles.md) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize the default style, have a look at our [styles guide](Styles.md).
```
